Simple application for viewing referenced images (forms). Based off the workflow used in a medical laboratory.

Desktop application connects to a SQL server database (backup included in the repo) and searches for records matching an ID. 

Records are grouped by date of scan, so multiple forms with the same ID scanned on the same day will be grouped. 

**Desktop Settings** (Accessed via the Settings button)
Server - address of the SQL server
Database - name of the SQL database on that server
Use Default Credentials - whether to use Integrated Security or the provided credentials
Username - overridden username
Password - overridden password
File Server - path to the root of where images are held

**SQL Setup**
Database contains two tables (tblFormInstance and tblFormReference), one view (vwLinkedFormReferences), and one stored procedure (spGetFormsByReferenceNumber)

_tblFormInstance_
Holds unique references to a form.

ID - Autogenerated, unique ID for the image
Type - The type of form, Image or Pdf (Pdf not currently supported)
Path - The path to the file, relative to the File Server path above
Timestamp - When the image was scanned / uploaded (for grouping - see above)

_tblFormReference_
Holds the mappings between reference ID and form file.  Used to allow multiple references to a single file (such as multiple accession numbers on one form).

FormID - the ID of the form from the tblFormInstance table
ReferenceNumber - the human readable reference number, such as an accession number

_vwLinkedFormReferences_
Combines the two tables into one view

_spGetFormsByReferenceNumber_
Stored procedure (used by the FormView libraries) to get all form images based on a reference number.

Input - Reference number - the human readable reference number
